h1. MountableGallery

NOTE: This is currently in in-house-testing-and-developing state. Feel free to use, but don't complain if it doesn't fit your needs. Feedback is welcome, though.

h2. Mission Objective

If you want to have images (and other assets) associated to different models in your app, this gem is for you.

h2. Model

Given you want to have a gallery on your Fubar model, first create a mapping model:

<pre>
  class FubarMembership < ActiveRecord::Base
    belongs_to :fubar
    belongs_to :artifact
    attr_accessible :position, :gallery, :artifact
  end
</pre>

and in Fubar, do

<pre>
  class Fubar < ActiveRecord::Base

    attr_accessible :title # whatever

    mount_gallery :fubar_membership

  end
</pre>

h2. View

<pre>
  <%= simple_form_for [@fubar] do |f| %>
    <%= f.input :title %>
    ...whatever...
    <%= f.input :artifacts, as: :mountable_artifact_picker %>
    ...whatever...
    <%= f.submit %>
  <% end %>
</pre>

and done we are.

h3. Bugs

There may be lots of bugs in mountable_gallery, although we do some testing (see <tt>test/</tt>). So if you hunt them, please let me know using the <a href="https://github.com/metaminded/mountable_gallery/issues">GitHub Bugtracker</a>.

h2. Contributing to mountable_gallery

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the <a href="https://github.com/mountable_gallery/mountable_gallery/issues">issue tracker</a> to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.
* Feel free to send a pull request if you think others (me, for example) would like to have your change incorporated into future versions of mountable_gallery.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012 Peter Horn, <a href="http://www.metaminded.com" target="_blank">metaminded UG</a>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
